yes hello dear model friends my
name is 49 years old live rheda
wiedenbrück and my big hobby is
the flight modeler special
helicopter I got my first one in 1989
Remote controlled helicopter coming
It was then the helicopter bell 47 g
a very well known German
Model construction company and I want you
once a part of this model weather
thought the fuselage with the swimmer
pay once and introduce this
The model is about 35 years old
Restoring what I need
this helicopter so far
restored that is the so-called
dwell calls all this is this gray
front part
I sanded off completely then
wet the sandpaper with 1000
sanded down so I followed
the model then once the front part
and we could and have these
original matching gray tone mixed
and then I have it with the spray gun
lacquer which is behind the Fricktal
not restored yet like her
but they probably do not see it
portion strive to be 98
Unfortunately, I could not do that anymore
get used to so sustained
everyone's manual skills
these are the matching parts
establish themselves but need quite well
tell about this helicopter
As I said before , they want to produce one
great well-known German
model company in the years of 1975
until 1985
The model has a touch
rotor diameter later of 990 mm and
just under a meter in length is driven
it with a 4.08 cubic centimeter engine
or
but now quite clever
model aviator build this oldtimer
model also already on electric motor
with the latest brushless and love
technology
These are not the original anymore
swimmers are not available anymore
the original swimmer mario fehr so
long were maybe short third
500 I say less and also something
narrower these swimmers are currently
on the internet, they only need worse
then we also enter the company
they are even worse
distributed and ideally suited to the
I just got them
I took the old bike aspiration
you can also from the normal
I think take skid suspension I show
once the original curve ride that is
this is what the helicopter original
we delivered on we have the
lateral striving taken on purpose
new float carrier screwed with
The three screws fits perfectly
good also holds unlikely
stable
especially for the first training flights
is and always colored of course always
Ideal if it is one
assumption indicates that the landing also
fought but of course it has this
typical appearance of the world are
ece with the swimmers looks natural
Fantastic out of the cabin , of course
I already have a lot of equipment
also very very old but as I said
I'll buy another one
So there are several internet providers
the one on this pulpit kit yet
reproduce for this beautiful model
but as I said I let them only once
flies with the old original can
still for training flights to play
of course, comes a new pulpit off
here I once runs the
original tanker meet at this
model at the whole browsers back then
were delivered
the more like this when the long
be screwed around vasic it comes
more and more the appearance of the
Billie Jean 40 is a screwdriver
as said the helicopter was then
at the time he's from cambodia 75
this remote control became for it
recommended
the vario pop 12 it was back then
actually the most modern thing
initially not on marc faber 475
always the original years one this one
model was developed
12 channels easily 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 12 channels was already a lot
her costume of an empty plate
we probably screw the right piece
what was put in it and it would have to
actually a 27 march to three here
I have an original again
prospect from that time where
This model is pictured here
it is also on the frankfurter
Airport I think was taken
from the tower would have the old
frankfurter airport so be
Airport employee faces the
we have graupner model bell 47 give
then once again the model in the
Prospect view about it the big one
Brother of the World 212 quintet of the year
In 1973 came on the market and believe too
I still use the original until 1981
mechanics has been in the delivery program
I 'll be up every now and then
youtube
from this model the construction progresses
Imagine next time we will
then just with the individual
mechanics components grapple
the line also trains all
disassembled on the table and then
I would always a video in
put back to the construction progress
or the restoration progress
I am now thanking you
First of all, very much for your
Attention to us
our next reunion euro or